Add FAQ about Wasabi uptime status (#175)
zkSNACKs/WasabiDoc: docs/FAQ/FAQ-Introduction.md

## Further Questions

:::details
### Is there a way to check Wasabi uptime status?

> Yes, you can check the status of Wasabi-related services and websites (like coordinator, API, backend, etc.) via [UptimeRobot Wasabi Status Page](https://stats.uptimerobot.com/W7q65in4y)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Yes, you can check the status of Wasabi-related services and websites (like APIs, Backend, etc.) via [UptimeRobot Wasabi Status Page](https://stats.uptimerobot.com/W7q65in4y).
```
